Steph Laraway: hi everyone, welcome to General Assembly, before we start this brief presentation about student experience and what we do.
Steph Laraway: wanted to introduce myself, briefly, my name is steph and i'm a student success associate.
Steph Laraway: I will be including my contact info on the last slide for your reference So if you need to contact me, for any reason my info will be on the last slide.
Steph Laraway: As a reminder, student experience what we do here, if you have any questions or concerns we're here to help you through that.
Steph Laraway: i'm available to you to help you in any way that I can, so please feel free to reach out if you have any concerns the bulk of today's presentation will cover mostly graduation requirements will also set up some expectations for the classroom environment.
Steph Laraway: First off, you should have received and signed an enrollment agreement from your admissions producer.
Steph Laraway: This outlines details about homework refunds allergies policies if you haven't signed that yet which I assume, most of you probably have.
Steph Laraway: Please read the course catalog and sign in as soon as possible, over all the elements it's listed here are detailed extensively in the course catalog if you want to know any more about any of these elements, please read through the course catalog.
Steph Laraway: Alright we're going to go through graduation requirements and all the different pertinent information first we're going to speak about attendance.
Steph Laraway: And unexcused absences are not permitted, except in exceptional circumstances students have been excessively absent may be withdrawn.
Steph Laraway: And with prior approval from general assembly students in part time programs are permitted to miss up to three excused class meetings to define class meeting that's the instructional ours provided in one calendar day.
Steph Laraway: Some examples of excuse out excused absences are things like student illness death are critical illness, have a family member or significant other.
Steph Laraway: Critical life emergency and religious observance, please refer to the withdrawal policy is outlined the outline in the catalog if you have questions about that.
Steph Laraway: I was as a reminder attendance has taken at every class meaning at the start of class just you guys know three late arrivals or early departures will constitute as one absence so keep track of those.
Steph Laraway: Just to reiterate, most of you are here because you want to find a job as a web developer after this course, some of you have different ambitions, regardless of what you're looking to do.
Steph Laraway: I want you guys to remind yourselves that you'll only be successful in this class if everyone here decides ahead of time to treat this next time weeks as your job.
Steph Laraway: So much everybody will take place in the classroom whether that's instructors introducing material group lab collaboration.
Steph Laraway: just want to emphasize that being here every day is critical and as a reminder you can't miss one in three days of class.
Steph Laraway: We cover so much each day that missing any days will negatively impact your success if you're running late or something's coming up, please reach out to your instructor and let them know so they can be in the loop as well.
Steph Laraway: Alright, moving on to homework projects and account balance reminders so most evenings provide a take home assessment or assignment.
Steph Laraway: Normally it's a code challenge or mini project sometimes it's a study assignment mostly.
Steph Laraway: instructors will need those to be completed for the next day, and they expect that students put in these two hours each evening to get these assignments done.
Steph Laraway: projects will be every three weeks instructors will take focus time to build with you guys have projects hackathon style during project week you guys will have stayed up check ins to assess your progress, those are mandatory to attend so keep that in mind.
Steph Laraway: you'll need to complete these projects, received a passing grade and those rubrics will be sent out by your instructor about what constitutes a pass versus not passing just as a reminder.
Steph Laraway: Students must have no outstanding balances on their account to receive their certificate of completion so something to keep in mind Lastly, I just want to speak a little bit about Community and Community engagement.
Steph Laraway: More than learning we're here to build a community of like minded lifelong learners as part of this program we expect that you'll engage with each other in a respectful manner.
Steph Laraway: Providing feedback mentorship getting to know each other better, and so let's build a culture of commodity and teamwork, starting from day one.
Steph Laraway: Alright, so, in a nutshell, in order to receive your certificate of completion.
Steph Laraway: you'll need to successfully fulfill the obligations and requirements of attaining a pass in the course you know if you're looking for more specifics, or something is unclear, please refer to the course catalog as it has all the information you'll need to know.
Steph Laraway: All right, lastly, as promised, here is my contact information i'm on slack you can also shoot me an email at students services di n for Denver.
Steph Laraway: At General Assembly dot Lee i'm also available via booking link on calland Lee So if you guys want to schedule a session.
Steph Laraway: Talk about your progress or just have some support i'm here for that as well anyways that's all I had to share today happy first day of class again if you guys need anything, please let me know, and I hope you guys have a great rest of your day.